Mention image-extras and the plugin interface in the README (#2573)
image-rs/image: README.md

- \* Requires the `avif-native` feature, uses the libdav1d C library.

> Support for certain obscure image formats not listed above is provided by [image-extras](https://github.com/image-rs/image-extras).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decoding support for additional image formats not listed above is provided by [image-extras](https://github.com/image-rs/image-extras).
```
